The Go Formats

This program uses XML or SGF to save files. There are other viewers
available for this format, so you can use your files with those
viewers. Available viewers are Smart Go, Many Faces of Go (Windows)
and cgoban (Unix). However, there are also alternative formats, like
the format used by Goscribe (file name *.go instead of *.sgf).

XML is the computer industry standard to store information and should
be preferred in the long run. However, Jago is currently the only
tgo viewer supporting XML and sets its own standards. You can get more
information about this format on the Jago home page.

Some SGF viewers do not support the full range of tags. This applies
to labels and markers. If you use the labels of Jago, those will be
saved with the L tag, which is not officially part of the SGF format.
However, all programs I know of understand it, whereas some do not
understand the LB replacement. A similar problem occurs with the
marker command.

To make sure, you are saving in pure SGF format, check the pure SGF menu
item. However, this will make your labels and marks invisible for the
MGT program. So for this program leave the options unchecked.

Another topic is the save format of comments and other longer text.
In SGF, every line forms a paragraph. The lines are allowed to be
broken with a soft line break. Jago separates paragraphs by blank
lines as some other viewers do. E.g., WinMGT32 just discards the soft
line breaks and displays the comments linewise with wrapping. You
should probably use the SGF style.

To make sure the file displays well in MGT, uncheck the pure SGF menu
item, and do not use the special markers.

