Terminal Window

The internet Go servers are located on some remote machine. Each client
or telnet connection talks to this server via an internet port. The
conversation is asynchronous. So you can send commands while the server
is sending data.

To send output to the server, type into the text field and press return.
If you precede your command with a blank, the output will not be echoed
to the terminal window (the blank will be removed).

In this program, received output is printed to the terminal window after
it has been filtered. You will not see moves of your opponent in this
window. Rather these moves are sent directly to your game board. Some
messages even display in a separate window to catch your attention.

On the other hand, not all input goes to the server unfiltered. The
program does control the input. So if you get the status of a game with
the status command, there will be no board to display this information.
You should use the buttons in the terminal window or in the games window
to do this. However, a playing board opens automatically, if moves from
an unknown game are received, assuming this is a new game. The IGS
protocol is rather weird and unorganized, so some assumptions have to be
made.

If you are playing a game, moves will be sent to the server from the
game board directly. You can also talk to your opponent or kibitz from
the game board. However, this can also be done by typing into the input
line of the terminal window.

You can save all information in the output window to a file with the
corresponding menu entry.

Finally, closing this window will abort your IGS connection and close
all playing boards.

On Windows 95, you may not be able to enter the @ sign directly,
e.g. for registration. Hold down the ALT key, press 64 and release
it instead.

